Unify Rydberg and Transmon Hamiltonians to ``HardwareHamiltonian`` (#3930)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

    Rydberg atoms.
  * A new user-facing `rydberg_interaction` function is added, which returns a `RydbergHamiltonian` containing
    the Hamiltonian of the interaction of all the Rydberg atoms.

>   * A new user-facing `drive` function is added, which returns a `HardwareHamiltonian` containing

Author: Good point, I think we should actually _only_ mention `ParametrizedHamiltonian`, though this also works 👍

>     the Hamiltonian of the interaction between a driving laser field and a group of qubits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the Hamiltonian of the interaction between a driving electro-magnetic field and a group of qubits.
```
